Get out of your wish
Take control of all achievements
It doesn't seem to have reached the point where one hand covers the sky
I said you can't hide your talent
Miss Jiang
I heard you want to rejoin my show
Dividend again
Mr. Wang
On behalf of Crescent Company, I solemnly inform you
Rising Star
It is a fair stage for talented people to enjoy music
It's not for you to operate with dark incense.
The place for malicious hype
Mr. Tang, since there is no dark incense operation here
Then I would like to ask
Why some achieve nothing
People with no talent will be invited to the show
He can get married
Is this the justice and fairness that Mr. Wang said?
You have no idea who he is.
See you off and get married
I know what kind of person he is better than you
Mr. Wang
I just wanted to remind you kindly
Don't be deceived by some people
Don't quit
Sister Qing, come with us